Now, let's talk about AWS Backup,
which as the name indicates,
a fully-managed service to centrally manage
and automate backups across AWS services.
It gets on-demand and schedule backups,
and it supports point-in-time recovery, so PITR.
You can define the retention periods of your backup,
the lifecycle management, the backup policies,
et cetera, et cetera.
You can do cross-region backups
or even cross-account backup
that is backed by either of AWS Organizations.
So how does that work?
Well, when you have the backup service,
you're going to create a backup plan,
for example, the frequency,
as well as the retention policy of your backups.
You assign the resources to be backed up
by the backup service or it can be Amazon EC2, EBS,
DynamoDB, RDS, EFS, Aurora, FSx and Storage Gateway.
And then all these services, thanks to this backup plan,
will be automatically backed up into Amazon S3.
So fairly simple.
Anytime you see backups at the exam, think AWS Backup.
This is a nicely-named service.
I will see you in the next lecture.